# geometries

_This file was generated by the `bin/docs.py` script on 2018-06-13_

## cloropleth

_Used for shading or creating patterns in proportion to the measurement of the statistical variable being displayed on the map. Generally used to describe alt-geometry polygons._

* id `1108962127`
* name `cloropleth`
* label `cloropleth`
* type `optional`

## consensus

_An agreed-upon location. Generally used to describe alt-geometry polygons._

* id `1108962125`
* name `consensus`
* label `consensus`
* type `optional`

## display

_Used purely for display purposes. Generally used to describe alt-geometry polygons._

* id `1108962123`
* name `display`
* label `display`
* type `common-optional`

## geocode

_Used when geocoding a location. Generally used to describe alt-geometry polygons._

* id `1108962121`
* name `geocode`
* label `geocode`
* type `common-optional`

## geometry

_The math centroid of the area polygon. Generally used to describe a centroid._

* id `1108962119`
* name `geometry`
* label `geom`
* type `common`

## groundtruth

_The verified, groundtruthed location of a place. Generally used to describe alt-geometry polygons._

* id `1108962115`
* name `groundtruth`
* label `groundtruth`
* type `optional`

## intersection

_The intersection in which a place or location falls. Generally used to describe a centroid. In Whos On First, intersection is both a placetype and a prefix for a latitude/longitude value pair._

* id `1108962113`
* name `intersection`
* label `intersection`
* type `optional`

## label

_Where the label should be displayed. Generally used to describe a centroid._

* id `1108962111`
* name `label`
* label `lbl`
* type `common`

## land

_The largest area of a geometry, minus outlying islands. Think San Francisco, minus Treasure Island and the Farallon Islands. Generally used to describe alt-geometry polygons._

* id `1108968883`
* name `land`
* label `land`
* type `optional`

## local

_Where do locals from this place consider the 'center'? Generally used to describe a centroid._

* id `1108962109`
* name `local`
* label `local`
* type `optional`

## navigation

_Snapped to nearest road and used to provide accurate turn-by-turn directions and navigation ETAs (expected time of arrivals). Generally used to describe a centroid._

* id `1108962107`
* name `navigation`
* label `nav`
* type `common-optional`

## reverse geocode

_Used for point-in-polygon (PIP) processing. Generally used to describe a centroid or an alt-geometry polygon._

* id `1108962103`
* name `reverse geocode`
* label `reversegeo`
* type `common-optional`

## tourist

_Tourists follow guides and flock towards famous attractions. Generally, where tourists assume a place is. Generally used to describe a centroid._

* id `1108962101`
* name `tourist`
* label `tourist`
* type `optional`

